Quick fixes and typos (#113)
MystenLabs/move-book: book/src/storage/uid-and-id.md

```

On Sui, `UID` acts as a representation of an object, and allows defining behaviors and features of

> an object. One of the key-features - [Dynamic Fields](https://docs.sui.io/concepts/dynamic-fields) - is possible because of the `UID` type

Reviewer: ```suggestion
an object. One of the key features - [Dynamic Fields](../programmability/dynamic-fields.html) - is possible because of the `UID` type
```
That page on sui.docs site will go away soon

> being explicit. Additionally, it allows the [Transfer To Object (TTO)](https://docs.sui.io/concepts/transfers/transfer-to-object) which we will explain later

Reviewer: ```suggestion
being explicit. Additionally, it allows the [Transfer to Object (TTO)](https://docs.sui.io/concepts/transfers/transfer-to-object), which we will explain later
```
